Update README.md (#3030)
kubeflow/manifests: README.md

# Kubeflow Manifests

The Kubeflow manifests are a collection of community maintained manifests to install Kubeflow in popular Kubernetes clusters such as Kind, Minikube, Rancher, EKS, AKS, GKE.
The Kubeflow Manifests contain all Kubeflow Components, Kubeflow Central Dashboard, and other Kubeflow applications that comprise the **Kubeflow Platform**.
This installation is helpful when you want to try out the end-to-end Kubeflow Platform capabilities.
 

> If you want a stable / conservative experience we reccommend to use the [latest stable release](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/releases), but please consider the more up-to-date docuemntation in the master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a stable / conservative experience we recommend to use the [latest stable release](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/releases), but please consider the more up-to-date documentation in the master branch.
```
